AMA doc updates (#1554)
Azure/Enterprise-Scale: docs/wiki/ALZ-AMA-FAQ.md

## In this Section

- [What to do if you have a need for a feature that is not in AMA, not GA, and not available in an alternative solution?](#What-to-do-if-you-have-a-need-for-a-feature-that-is-not-in-AMA,-not-GA,-and-not-available-in-an-alternative-solution?)
- [Migration guidance for existing customers?](#Migration-guidance-for-existing-customers?)

- [Why do I need an User-Assigned Managed Identity?](#Why-do-I-need-a-User-Assigned-Managed-Identity?)
- [Why do I need Data Collection Rules?](#Why-do-I-need-Data-Collection-Rules?)
- [Custom Policies and Assignments](#Custom-Policies-and-Assignments)
- [MMA deprecation vs Legacy Solutions in Log Analytics Workspace](#MMA-deprecation-and-Legacy-Solutions-in-Log-Analytics-Workspace)

---

## What to do if you have a need for a feature that is not in AMA, not GA, and not available in an alternative solution?

> The ALZ team will assess solutions for parity ongoing. Please review the AMA parity Gaps table [here](<insert-link>) for the lastest updates and guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ALZ team will assess solutions for parity ongoing. Please review the AMA parity Gaps table [here](./ALZ-AMA-Update#table-ama-parity-status) for the latest updates and guidance.
```
